[ANCHOR-251] OpenAPI SEP-31 updates (#125)
stellar/stellar-docs: ap_api/callbacks/customer/index.mdx

import {EndpointsTable} from "@site/src/components/EndpointsTable";

> Customers callback are designed to work with a customer data. When working with the Anchor Platform, business will store KYC data defined by [SEP-12].

Reviewer: English tweaks, write as: "Customer callbacks are designed to work with customer data. When working with the Anchor Platform, businesses will store KYC data defined by [SEP-12]"

> However, because the Anchor Platform does not store this data, it's required to fetch it from the business server. This set of endpoints allows to forward data stored on the business side to the wallet, in the SEP format.

Reviewer: English tweaks, write as: "However, because the Anchor Platform does not store this data, it must fetch it from the business server. This set of endpoints allows the Anchor Platform to forward data stored on the business side to the wallet in SEP format."

> However, because the Anchor Platform does not store this data, it's required to fetch it from the business server. This set of endpoints allows to forward data stored on the business side to the wallet, in the SEP format.

Reviewer 2: Lets start with the most important point here, which is that the anchor platform doesn't store KYC data, and that is why we need these endpoints.

```suggestion
The Anchor Platform does not store customer KYC data. Instead, it forwards this data to and fetches it from the business server. The customer callbacks are designed for this purpose. Currently, the requests and responses for these endpoints are almost identical to those defined in the SEP-12 KYC API specification.
```

> Customer callbacks are designed to work with customer data. When working with the Anchor Platform, businesses will store KYC data defined by [SEP-12].
> 
> However, because the Anchor Platform does not store this data, it must fetch it from the business server. This set of endpoints allows the Anchor Platform to forward data stored on the business side to the wallet in SEP format.

Reviewer 2: Lets start with the most important piece, which is that we don't store KYC data, which is why we need these endpoints.

```suggestion
The Anchor Platform does not store customer KYC data. Instead, the Anchor Platform towards this data to and requests it from the business. The customer callbacks are designed for this purpose. Currently, requests & responses for these endpoints are almost identical to the [SEP-12 KYC API specification][sep-12].
```
